Summary for label 'F':
they were all alive in december 1924 when lakshminarayana died.
as regards the payment of maintenance to be made to chinnanmal alias lakshmi ammal wife of my late son hariharamayyan my wife ranganayaki ammal shall pay the same as she pleases and obtain a release deed.
the plaintiff was allowed to amend his plaint and include therein a prayer for a declaration in respect of the invalidity of these alienations as well.

Summary for label 'R':
considering the will in the light of these principles it seems to us that lakshminarayan iyer intended by his will to direct that his entire properties should be enjoyed by his widow during her lifetime but her interest in these properties should come to an end on her death that all these properties in their entirety should thereafter be enjoyed as absolute owners by his daughter and her heirs with powers of alienation gift exchange and sale from generation to generation.
as above pointed out admittedly power of alienation in express terms was not conferred on her.
we do not understand how such passing observations can be helpful in deciding the present case.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the subordinate judge held that the widow took under the will a limited life interest and not an absolute estate or even a widow s estate under hindu law and that the daughter got there under a vested interest in the properties to which the plaintiff succeeded on her death.
in view of this finding he granted the plaintiff a declaratory decree to the effect that the first defendant had only an estate for life in the suit properties and that the alienations made by her would not endure beyond her lifetime.

Summary for label 'A':
it was argued that such a power was implicit within the acts she was authorized to do that is to say when she was directed to pay the debts and settle the maintenance of ramalakshmi it was implicit within these directions that for these purposes if necessity arose she could alienate the properties.
it was strenuously argued by mr k section krishnaswami iyengar that lakshminarayana iyer was a brahmin gentleman presumably versed in the sastras living in a village in the southernmost part of the madras state that his idea of a restricted estate was more likely to be one analogous to a hindu woman 's estate than a life estate a understood in english law wherein the estate is measured by use and not by duration and that if this will was construed in the light of the notions of lakshminarayana iyer it should be held that the widow got under it a hindu widow 's estate and the daughter got under it a contingent remainder in the nature of spes and on her death there was nothing which could devolve on the plaintiff and he thus had no locus standi to question the alienations made by the widow.
it was however urged by mr rajah iyer that as no express or implied power of alienation for purposes of all legal necessities was conferred on the widow that circumstance negatived the view that the testator intended to confer upon his widow a hindu widow 's estate as she would get in case of intestacy.

Summary for label 'RPC':
this suggestion in the surrounding circumstances attending the execution of this will can not be sustained.
we therefore hold that the estate conferred on ranganayaki ammal was more like the limited estate in the english sense of the term than like a full hindu widow 's estate in spite of the directions above mentioned.
in our judgment there is force in the contention of mr rajah iyer for reasons already stated and in the result therefore we dismiss this appeal with costs.

Summary for label 'P':
in vasantharao ammannamma v venkata kodanda rao pantalu 1939. indlaw mad 621 1940. m l j 188 the next case cited a hindu testator who was a retired subordinate judge provided by his will as follows out of the aforestated ancestral lands the oneninth share to which i am entitled shall be enjoyed after my death by my wife till her death and after her death it shall pass to section son of my second elder brother deceased.
reliance was next placed on maharaja of kolhapur v sundaram iyer 1925 i l r 48 mad.
reference was also made to a decision of the bombay high court in lallu v jagmohan 1898 i l r 22 bom.

