Summary for label 'F':
one dwarka nath ghose was the owner of considerable moveable and immoveable properties.
on the 19th july 1899 rajendra made and published his last will and testament whereby he confirmed the dedication made by dwarka nath with regard to premises nos.
the idol was not made a party to this suit.

Summary for label 'R':
No 41 grey street dedicated by me shall properly and agreeably to each other perform the sheba.
t is quite true that a dedication may be either absolute or partial.
so far as nagendra is concerned there is a clear finding of fact recorded by mr justice bose on a specific issue raised in that behalf viz did nagendra act as shebait of the plaintiff deity under the wills of dwarka nath ghosh and rajendra nath ghosh.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the idol was declared entitled to possession of the said premises with mesne profits for three years prior to the institution of the suit till delivery of possession but was ordered to pay as a condition for recovery of possession of the said premises a sum of rs 19000 to the appellants with interest thereon at the rate of 6 per cent.
No 402 a grey street as in his opinion sushilabala as executrix to her husband 's estate and her two sons had acquired title to the said premises by adverse possession and the title of the idol thereto had been extinguished.
the said cross objections were however printed as additional record.

Summary for label 'RPC':
41 grey street to the idol was an absolute dedication.
we are in perfect accord with the observations made by rankin c j if a shebait by acting contrary to the terms of his appointment or in breach of his duty as such shebait could claim adverse possession of the dedicated property against the idol it would be putting a premium on dishonesty and breach of duty on his part and no property which is dedicated to an idol would ever be safe.
he result therefore is that the appeal fails and must stand dismissed with costs.

Summary for label 'A':
41 grey street made by dwarka nath under the terms of his will was a partial dedication and that his sons rajendra and jogendra and his widow golap sundari who were appointed sevayats of the idol were competent to deal with premises.
grey street and that his possession of the said premises thereafter became adverse which adverse possession continued for upwards of 12 years extinguishing the right of the idol to the said premises.
the only thing which was urged by shri n c chatterjee in support of his contention was that the right to reside in the premises was given to the sevayats and that according to him detracted from the absolute character of the dedication.

Summary for label 'P':
he position of the sevayat and the effect of his dealings with the property dedicated to the idol has been expounded by rankin c j in surendrakrishna ray v shree shree ishwar bhubaneshwari thakuran 1933. cal 54 1932 indlaw cal 59. but in the present case we have to see whether the possession of two joint shebaits becomes adverse to the idol when they openly claim to divide the property between them.
i am quite unable to hold that it does because such a change of intention can only be brought home to the idol by means of the shebait 's knowledge and the idol can only react to it by the shebait.
adverse possession in such circumstances is a notion almost void of content.

