Summary for label 'F':
there was moreover indiscipline amongst the workers and production suffered.
an aggregate sum of rs 1251871 13 5 was thus brought into the balance sheet by these two transfers.
it is significant to observe that this principle was accepted by the labour appellate tribunal itself.

Summary for label 'R':
the demand for bonus becomes an industrial claim when either or both these conditions are satisfied.
because if it were so it would necessarily rank for precedence before dividends the dividends can only be paid out of profits and unless and until profits are made no occasion or question can also arise for distribution of any sum as bonus amongst the employees.
vide dhakeswari cotton mills ltd v commissioner of income tax west bengal 1954 indlaw sc 213.

Summary for label 'P':
but it nevertheless may also include as here payments made because legally due but which the parties contemplate will not continue indefinitely and in national association of local government officers v bolton corporation 1943. a c 166 i87 this payment if made can not properly in my opinion be regarded as a mere gratuity.
to a similar effect are the observations in kenicott v supervisors of wayne county 1873 83 u s 452 21 l ed.
it generally represents the cash incentive given conditionally on certain standards of attendance and efficiency being attained.

Summary for label 'RLC':
so it would follow that if there is trading loss in the year under claim bonus should not ordinarily be awarded.
it however observed but in our opinion that should not be the universal rule.
considerations of social justice can not be disregarded altogether in relations between capital and labour.

Summary for label 'A':
mr isaacs the learned counsel for the respondent.
attempted to give a definition in the following terms social justice connotes the balance of adjustments of the various interests concerned in the social and economic structure of the state in order to promote harmony upon an ethical and economic basis and he stated that there were three parties concerned here viz the employers the labour and the state itself and the conception of social justice had to be worked out in this context.
without embarking upon a discussion as to the exact connotation of the expression social justice we may only observe that the concept of social justice does not emanate from the fanciful notions of any particular adjudicator but must be founded on a more solid foundation.

Summary for label 'RPC':
the result therefore is that the decision of the labour appellate tribunal appealed against must be reversed and that of the industrial court textiles and hosiery kanpur restored.
the appeal will accordingly be allowed with costs.
appeal allowed.

