Summary for label 'F':
it is said that this person has not received much education and knows only bow to sign his name in english.
amounts which had been misappropriated used to be posted therein though in fact no orders were placed for any material.
it may be mentioned that subba raju used to visit visakhapatnam twice a month and check up the account books.

Summary for label 'A':
later however murty was also got transferred to the general section and replaced by p w 18. srinivasa rao originally a stores boy.
objection was taken very seriously by mr bhimasankaram to the charge of conspiracy framed in this case.
mr chari then referred to section 133 of the evidence act and pointed out that this section clearly makes an accomplice evidence admissible in a case and that an approver whose pardon is found to be invalid does not cease to be an accomplice and contends that he is therefore as competent a witness as he would have been if he had not been granted pardon at all and not been put on trial.

Summary for label 'R':
but it does not follow that where crimes have been committed the liability to punishment already incurred under section 120 b by having entered into a criminal conspiracy is thereby wiped away.
a case under enquiry or trial before another magistrate does not fall in any of these classes.
we however find that certain documents upon which mr chari wants to rely are not included in the paper book.

Summary for label 'RLC':
in so far as the respondent No 2 is concerned the high court has held that since he was charged with a specific offence under s 409 i p c he could not be convicted of mere abetment of an offence.
it is true that there the charges were 67 in number and spread over a long period of time.
a similar view was expressed by the same high court in the case which was reversed by this court in the state of andhra pradesh v kandinalla subbaiah 1962 2 scr 194 and it was held that conspiracy to commit an offence being itself an offence a person can be separately charged with respect to such a conspiracy.

Summary for label 'P':
each clause is an exception to the general rule enacted in section 233 cr.
if such a combination is permissible all persons accused of offences described in cls.
a to g can be tried together in one case which certainly involves a bewildering multiplicity of charges and which would obviously set at naught the salutary principle contained in section 233. in swamirathnam 's case 1 which is a decision of this court certain persons were tried for the offence of the conspiracy to cheat the members of the public and for specific offences of cheating in pursuance of that conspiracy.

Summary for label 'S':
section 233 provides that for every distinct offence of which any person is accused there shall be a separate charge.
bhimasankaram contended that s 239 must be read at least subject to sections 2341 and 2351 on the ground.
let us consider whether there is anything intrinsically incompatible in combining two clauses of section 239. take cls.

Summary for label 'RPC':
appeal allowed.
case remanded.

