Summary for label 'F':
it appears that as there was no injunction restraining his dispossession in l c case.
112 of 11 00 m e an order was passed for dispossessing the appellant on july 24 1939 ext.
law dictionary mean such products of the soil as are annually planted served and saved by manual labour as cereals vegetables grass maturing for harvest or harvested etc but not grass on lands used for pasturage.

Summary for label 'S':
before dealing with this aspect we will first consider the question whether trees are included within the meaning of section 9 so as to entitle the appellant to a notice of forfeiture there under.
section 9 of the act is in the following terms any person unauthorised occupying any land for which he is liable to pay a fine under section 6 and an assessment or prohibitory assessment under section 7 may be summarily evicted by the division peishkar and any crop or other product raised on the land shall be liable to forfeiture and any building or other structure erected or anything deposited thereon shall also if not removed by him after such written notice as the division peishkar may deem reasonable be liable to forfeiture.
forfeiture under this section shall be disposed of as the division peishkar may direct.

Summary for label 'R':
even under this definition product can not mean anything which is attached to the land like trees.
there is nothing stated by him that he had no opportunity to cut trees and take them away.
while these passages might show that no notice of eviction was given even at that stage there was no application for an issue being framed nor has such an application been made in the appeal before the high court nor even before this court.

Summary for label 'A':
from the lands from which he was evicted he would be entitled to claim compensation for the improvements made by him.
it was pointed out by the learned advocate that the high court was in error in equating other product raised on the land with emblements because the definition of crop in black 's law dictionary does include emblements as such the words other product can not also be treated as emblements and must therefore be given a different meaning which according to him would include trees.
it is then contended that even if trees are not included in section 9 and no notice of forfeiture is necessary under the general law even a trespasser on the land whether bona fide or not is entitled to compensation or damages for the improvements made by him on the land.

Summary for label 'RLC':
it pointed out that the plaintiff appellant had applied to get himself impleaded on 0 s No 126 of 1096 m e but his application was rejected and after that suit was dismissed the appellant again applied for registry but that was also rejected.
need be given under section 9 of the act and therefore no compensation or damages were payable in respect thereof.
it then said if the possession commenced only about the year 1100 it certainly can not be under any bona fide claim of title for even on.

Summary for label 'P':
notice of this trespass was given to the defendant.
the case of vallabdas narainji v development officer bandra a i r 1929. p c 163 1929 indlaw pc 11 which was cited by the learned counsel for the appellant does not assist him for the privy council did not think it necessary to give a decision on what it termed to be a far reaching contention.
before the privy council it was contended on behalf of the appellant that in the various cases relied upon there was at least some genuine claim or belief in the party erecting the buildings that he had a title to do so even though he was eventually held to be a trespasser and it was urged that no such claim or belief existed in that case in which it was said the government without any pretence of a right tortuously invaded the appellant 's property and proceeded to deal with it as their own.

Summary for label 'RPC':
in the view we have taken the appeal has no substance and is accordingly dismissed with no order as to costs but the court fee will be recovered from the appellant.
appeal dismissed.

