Summary for label 'F':
the appellant has received around rs 300000 but much more according to him is due and this controversy can be settled by examining his specific points.
a second appeal followed before the board of revenue which was dismissed.
besides the evidence already on record would be taken into consideration.

Summary for label 'R':
while his arguments did not impress us we were touched by his concluding words that he had been born and had grown in an adivasi village in the only brahmin family and in his evening years of life proposed to give a substantial part of the compensation the state would give him for adivasi welfare.
holmes once commented it is revolting to have no better reason for a rule of law than that.
presidential assent has been accorded to this state act and so the ban operates.

Summary for label 'S':
of course when there is joint ownership section 24 stipulates that the compensation shall be determined for the estate as a whole and not separately for each of the shares therein.
section 28 states how the amount of compensation is to be determined and the methodology of payment.
the expression forest officer used here has been explained in section 26.

Summary for label 'RLC':
as admittedly compensation had not been calculated by the date of vesting the compensation officer lost his statutory jurisdiction to do so.
the calculation made by the chief conservator of forests therefore has no statutory force but could be just a piece of evidence.
therefore deduction of income tax from the gross assets is illegal and unwarranted.

Summary for label 'A':
the argument is that for certain reasons the appellant could not derive and actual income from the forests taken over by the state from him and therefore there was no income tax payable on any agricultural income from these forests.
the contention is that therefore in arriving at the next income the deduction of income tax is not permissible.

Summary for label 'RPC':
we are in agreement with the course adopted by the high court and the reasoning which has prevailed with it.
the force of these observations constrains us to direct that the proceedings before the compensation officer shall be completed within six months from today.
with these directions and observations we affirm the orders under appeal but while dismissing the appeals direct the parties to bear their costs in this court.

