Summary for label 'F':
it appears that in october1967subbammal respondent no 2 herein who is a woman worker employed in mount stuart estate hereinafter referred to as the establishmentwhich is carrying on plantation industry was allowed leave of absence by the establishment on the basis of a notice given by her of her expected delivery which actually took place on december 161967 after her delivery the respondent was paid by her employers on account of maternity benefit an amount equivalent to what she would have earned on the basis of her average daily wage in 72 working days falling within twelve week 's of the maternity period.
contending that the claim made by the respondent was untenable as normally a worker works only for six days in a week and the maternity benefit had to be computed only for 72 days.
as against this the respondent pleaded that the computation had to be made not with reference to the actual number of working days but with reference to total number of days covered by twelve weeks i e 84 days.

Summary for label 'A':
he has further urged that since u s 5 1 of the act the maternity benefit has to be computed with reference to the period of the workers actual absence thereby meaning absence on days on which there was work excluding sundays and the term week in the context of sub ss 1 and 3 of s 5 of the act is to be under stood as a week of work consisting of six days and in the instant case respondent no 2 was working and earning wages for six days in a week the seventh day being a wageless holiday her claim can not be sustained.
mr pai has referred us to the full bench decision of the kerala high court in malayalam plantations ltd. inspector of plantation mundakayam.
1975. i c 848  a i r 1975. ker 86 1974 indlaw ker 91and to convention no 103 concerning maternity protection convention revised1952 adopted by the general conference of the international labour organisation.

Summary for label 'R':
the provisions of s 5 of the act quoted above make it clear that a woman worker who expects a child is entitled to maternity benefit for a maximum period of twelve weeks which is split up into two periods viz prenatal and post natal.
in webster 's new world dictionary 1962 editionthe meaning of the word week is given as a period of seven days especially one beginning with sunday and ending with saturday the hours or days of work in a seven day period.
in stroud 's judicial dictionary third editionit is stated that 1 though a week usually means any consecutive seven days it will sometimes be interpreted to mean the ordinary notion of a week reckoning from sunday to sunday and 2 probably a week usually means seven clear days.

Summary for label 'S':
any woman employed in an establishment and entitled to maternity benefit under the provisions of this act may give notice in writing in such form as may be prescribed to her employer stating that her maternity benefit and any other amount to which she may be entitled under this act may be paid to her or to such person as she may nominate in the notice and that she will not work in any establishment during the period for which she receives maternity benefit.
6 the failure to give notice under this section s not disentitle a woman to maternity benefit or any other amount under this act if she is otherwise entitled to such benefit or amount and in any such case an inspector may either of his own motion or on an application made to him by the woman order the payment of such benefit of amount within such period as may be specified in the order.
1 while absent from work on maternity leave in accordance with the provisions of art 3the woman shall be entitled to receive cash and medical benefits.

Summary for label 'RPC':
thus we are of opinion that computation of maternity benefit has to be made for all the days including sundays and rest days which may be wageless holidays comprised in the actual period of absence of the woman extending upto six weeks preceding and including the day of delivery as also for all the days falling within the six weeks immediately following the day of delivery thereby ensuring that the woman worker gets for the said period not only the amount equalling 100 per cent of the wages which she was previously earning in terms of s 3 n of the act but also the benefit of the wages for all the sundays and rest days falling within the aforesaid two periods which would ultimately be conducive to the interests of both the woman worker and her employer.
in the result the appeal fails and is hereby dismissed.
although costs have to be paid by appellant to respondent no 2 in terms of the court 's order dated october 301975yet in view of the fact that the said respondent has not chosen to appear at the hearing of the case and mr k n bhat has assisted the court as amicus curiae we direct the appellant to pay rs 1000 to mr bhat as his fee.

