Summary for label 'F':
the dearness allowance it was claimed should be granted on a slab system.
the appellant had introduced various pay scales in 1973 and some time later they were revised.
it decided also that there was no ground for deducting the notional value of gratuity.

Summary for label 'R':
however this is not clearly mentioned anywhere in the award due to accidental slip or omission.
conspicuous by its absence is any reference to a flat increase in the pay of an individual workmen.
while workmen raising industrial disputes for revision of wage scales are certainly minded about their future prospects in the matter of wages they surely would be more concerned with the immediate benefits according to them.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the same has been made clear in paragraph.
i do not think that any problem would arise for interpretation of the award.
since the award has been already signed i do not think anything further can be added to this award.

Summary for label 'A':
in this appeal the learned counsel for the appellant had covered a wide field but in the end he states that the appellant is aggrieved by two matters only.
it is urged that the amendment results in the inclusion of a flat increase of rs 150 to each workman in the case of draughtsman and rs 100 to each workman in the case of other categories a result wholly unwarranted it is said by the intent of the original award and therefore falling beyond the jurisdiction of the tribunal.
on this application the advocate for the employer company made the following endorsement submitted to whatever this honourable tribunal desires to do.

Summary for label 'S':
in making the application of 22nd.
tribunal under rule 31 of the industrial disputes bombay rules1957 rule 31 provides the labour court tribunal or arbitrator may correct any clerical mistake or error arising from an accidental slip or omission in any award it or he issues.
a board court labour court tribunal or arbitrator may at any time suo moto or on an application made by any of the parties concerned may correct any clerical mistake or error arising from an accidental slip or omission in any proceedings report award or as the case may be decision.

Summary for label 'RPC':
chinnappa reddy j we have had the advantage of perusing the judgment prepared by our learned brother pathak j we agree with him that civil appeal no 2300 of 1979 should be dismissed.
we also agree with him that civil appeal no 2299 of 1979 should also be dismissed in so far as it relates to the award dated december 201978 however we do not agree with our learned brother that civil appeal no 2299 of 1979 should be allowed in so far as it relates to the order dated december 221978 of the industrial tribunal which purports to correct the award dated december 201978 in our opinion civil appeal no 2299 of 1979 should be dismissed in its entirety.
we do not propose to give our reasons to the extent we are in agreement with pathak j and we propose to state our reasons for the disagreement only.

