Summary for label 'F':
separate enquiry in this connection is going on in this office to know under what circumstances such entry has been made and copy also issued without knowledge of the tahsildar.
nos 4692 to 4694 of 1985 clarified and ob served that there was no need for further clarification.
the high court discussed 18 documents out of which two are challans and other depositions.

Summary for label 'S':
sub s 3 of s 40 of the said act provides that if a protected tenant dies without leaving any heirs all his rights shall be so extinguished.
subs 4 of s 40 stipulates that the interest of a protected tenant in the land held by him as a protected tenant shall form sixty per cent.
s 3 of the said act gave power to requisition immovable property.

Summary for label 'R':
it is relevant at this stage to refer to certain provisions of the central act to consider the controversy involved in this appeal the central act was enacted giving power for requisitioning and acquisition of immovable property for union purposes.
it is clear that s 102 of the andhra pradesh act mentions that after acquisition the act was not to apply in respect of certain land.
we may mention that in the two orders of this court dated 30th of january1975 and 19th of august1985 referred to herein before this court had left it open to the high court and to the arbitrator to decide whether he is a protected tenant or not the arbitrator has decided that question and the high court found over whelming evidence in support of it.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the learned judge observed inter alia as follows i am told by the counsel for both the parties that the lands in question were already acquired for military purpose under the requisition and acquisition of immovable property act1952 and that sri m s sharma the additional chief judge city civil court hyderabad has already been appointed as arbitrator under the act for determining the compensation and the persons entitled to it.
now as the arbitrator has already been appointed he will go into the matter as to whether the petitioner was a protected tenant of the lands or not and if he was the protected tenant to what share in the compensation amount he would be entitled to.
a that abdul khader because he was a tenant between january1942 to january1948 for six years therefore was a protected tenant under sub cl ii of cl 1 of s 34 of the andhra pradesh act b that abdul khader held the land from october1943 to october1949therefore was a protected tenant of sail gulshan under sub cl iii of cl 1 of s 34 of act 21 of 1950 in these circumstances the high court held that adbul khader was entitled to 60 of the compensation paid.

Summary for label 'RPC':
the matter was brought to this court by a special leave application and this court in special leave petition civil no 10 of 1975 on or about 30th january 1975 held that since the question whether the petitioner in that case namely abdul khader was a protected tenant had been left open by the high court to be decided by the arbitrator u s 8 of the central act special leave petition was rejected with those observations.
thereafter there was an order appointing arbitrator on 29th of march1975.
claim petition was filed by the appellant before the arbitrator claim petition was also filed by abdul khader claiming 60 of compensation as a protected tenant.

Summary for label 'A':
he had claimed rights of a protected tenant.
on behalf of the appellant it was submitted that there was a complete bar for any civil court to go into the question whether abdul khader was a protected tenant and as such the arbitrator and the high court had no jurisdiction to decide this question.
for this reliance was placed on s 102 of the andhra pradesh act which lays down that the act will not apply to lands leased granted alienated or acquired in favour of or by the central government or the state government etc and on s 99 of the act which bars the jurisdiction of civil courts to deal with any question which is under the andhra pradesh act required to be settled to be decided or dealt with by the tahsildar tribunal or collector.

Summary for label 'P':
reference may be made to the decision in the case of archi appalareddi and another v special tahsildar land acquisition visakhapatnam municipality and mother1979 andhra weekly reporter vol 1 p 101where the court observed in the context of the land acquisition act that a tenant was a person interested as defined in clause b of s 3 of the land acquisition act.
he has a right to object to the acquisition andor the quantum of compensation.

