Summary for label 'R':
though difficult it is necessary that the line must sometimes be drawn as different legal fights and consequences may ensue.
that we mentioned earlier and a post decision hearing after the making of an administrative or quasi judicial order.
we do not propose to delve into the question whether there has been any such arbitrary assumption of facts and figures.

Summary for label 'F':
order came into force the distinction between essential and non essential bulk drugs was abolished and a maximum price had to be fixed for barlagan ketone also like other bulk drugs.
the manufacturer applied for fixation of price at rs 8500 per kg.
armed with authority under the drugs prices control.

Summary for label 'S':
the drugs prices control order 1979 was made pursuant to this statement of policy.
net worth means the share capital of a company plus free reserve if any.
we have already noticed that net worth is defined to mean the share capital of a company plus free reserve if any.

Summary for label 'P':
this is so even though the quota thus fixed may demonstrably be disadvantageous to certain areas or persons.
this court is not a tribunal for relief from the crudities and inequities of complicated experimental economic legislation.
in maneka gandhi 's case where bhagwati j while expounding on natural justice pointed out that in appropriate cases where a pre decisional hearing was impossible there must atleast be a post decisional hearing so as to meet the requirement of the rule audi alteram partem.

Summary for label 'A':
order was a legislative activity and therefore not subject to any principle of natural justice.
in particular he argued that item a bonus in excess of statutory minimum should not have been excluded so also items of expenditure coming under the other heads b to g which had been allowed by income tax authorities as legitimate expenses.
similarly where expenses have been legitimately incurred and allowed by income tax authorities there was no justification for excluding those items of expenditure from the cost.

Summary for label 'RLC':
thereafter on november 25 1981 a further order was made to the following effect after hearing learned counsel and with their consent and arrangement has been worked out as on interim measure.
the petitioners through their counsel further given an undertaking that in this court the petitioners would not contend or challenge the said amount if deposited is not liable to be deposited under any law whatsoever.
it is made clear that the undertaking is without prejudice to the petitioners right to take appropriate directions from the supreme court if so advised in this regard.

Summary for label 'RPC':
the union of india is entitled to the costs of the appeal and the writ petition in the high court.
we therefore condone the delay grant special leave in all the petitions for special leave and direct the appeals to be listed for hearing on may 1 1987. order accordingly.

