Summary for label 'R':
there is a third partnership deed exhibit 70 which showed that the deceased tenant girdharlal had died on 1st of february1961 and so by the remaining seven partners with same terms and conditions a new partnership deed being exhibit 70 was executed on 22nd.
this court emphasised that the distinction between an appeal and revision is a real one.
it must be such a decision which no reasonable man could have arrived at.

Summary for label 'F':
weaving works and according to the terms of tenancy suit premises were leased for manufacturing cloth in the name of ahmedabad fine.
april1965 this last partnership deed was executed by the appellant and original defendants.
it was further alleged that the appellant had also unlawfully sublet one room of the suit premises to defendant no 6 in suit no 553 of 1969 who was residing in that room.

Summary for label 'RLC':
there was an appeal before the court of small causes bombay and by judgment and order delivered by the court of small causes bombay on 18th of august1977it was held that the learned trial judge had erred in passing a decree for possession on the ground of subletting change of user and breach of terms of tenancy.
as mentioned hereinbefore the learned trial judge consolidated both the suits and in the instant suit being no 553 of 1969 with which this appeal is concerned it was held by the learned trial judge that there was unlawful subletting.
there was a decree for possession.

Summary for label 'A':
he has stated further that the suit premises were to be used for business and he could use it for any business and he joined in partnership with defendants nos 2 to 5 somewhere in 1961 to prepare neon signs and the defendants nos 2 to 5 were his partners and doing business in the suit premises.
it is further stated that he had filed a civil suit to dissolve the partnership and to take account and his suit was pending in city civil court.
it was contended by mr mehta that there was no agency reading the partnership deeds as we have read that conclusion does not emanate from position appearing debiting the fixed amount payable to the appellant in the expenses account which also is not inconsistent with partnership.

Summary for label 'S':
the power of the high court to revise the order is contained in section 292 of the bombay rent act as applicable at the relevant time to gujarat the said provision reads as follows 292. no further appeal shall lie against any decision in appeal under sub section 1 but the high court may for the purpose of satisfying itself that any such decision in appeal was according to law call for the case in which such decision was taken and pass such order with respect thereto as it thinks fit.
the said section reads as follows 351. the high court may at any time call for the record of any case under this act for the purpose of satisfying itself that a decision made therein is according to law and may pass such order in relation thereto as it thinks fit.

Summary for label 'P':
it was observed that under section 392 of the said act the high court could interfere in second appeal only if there was a substantial question of law.
in the case of punamchandra revashankar joshi v ramjibhai maganlal gujarat law reporter.
we may mention that in gundalapalli rangamannar chetty v desu rangiah and others a i r 1954. madras 182subba rao j as the learned chief justice then was held that there can not be a subletting unless the lessee parted with legal possession.

Summary for label 'RPC':
we are further of the opinion that the court of small causes was right in the view it took.
and it was a possible view to take.
the suit for possession is accordingly dismissed.

