Summary for label 'R':
thereupon the respondent himself appeared in person and sought permission to make his submissions personally.
no government servant or employee of public undertaking has legal tight for being posted at any particular place.
the respondent had no legal or statutory right to insist for being posted at one particular place.

Summary for label 'F':
in this situation the superintending engineer by his letter dated 18th april1974 directed the respondent to show cause as to why action should not be taken against him for disobeying the order of transfer and also for unauthorised absence from duty in breach of service regulation.
no 113 the letter is as under gujarat electricity board o m division nana varchha road surat.
i ve engineer o m surat copy f w c s to.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the division bench of the high court held that no warning as contemplated by service regulation no 113 had been issued to the respondent nor he had been afforded any opportunity of showing cause before the impugned order of discharge was passed and consequently the order of discharge was null and void being contrary to service regulation no 113 itself.
the division bench of the high court has held that since no warning was issued to the respondent action taken under service regulation no 113 was not in accordance with law.
the division bench further held that since the letter dated 24 4 1974 was not served on the respondent there was no material to show that any warning had been issued to the respondent before he was discharged from service.

Summary for label 'RPC':
in view of the above discussion we therefore hold that the respondent 's failure to join his duties at ukai resulted in unauthorised absence and his failure to join his duties in spite of the repeated reminders and letters issued to him constituted sufficient valid ground for taking action under regulation no 113 we further hold that before issuing the order of discharge the respondent was not only warned but he was also afforded an opportunity to explain as to why disciplinary action should not be taken against him.
there would be no order as to costs.
the respondent has been paid a sum of rs 104170 towards salary under the interim orders of this court.

