Summary for label 'F':
writ petitions challenging the correctness and applicability of unni krishnan filed by educational institutions which do not claim to be minority educational institutions5 writ petitions which do not fall in any of the above categories.
we do not more particularly at this stage make any pronouncement in that behalf.
later when raj narayan singh and others filed writ petition civil no 641 of 1991this court on june 61991 directed to convert the writ petition as a contempt case for non implementation of the direction issued in k c joshi case which was numbered as contempt petition no 164 of 1971 when.

Summary for label 'R':
conservators forests u p rendered on november 61990 it would appear that at present there are 215 direct recruits and 100 promotee asstt.
the directions issued in k c joshi case have already been extracted and their need to reiterate is obviated.
therefore the operative rule as on that date appears to be 33 13 per cent in respect of promotees.

Summary for label 'P':
in k c joshi case it was concluded that the promotees were appointed on ad hoc basis as a stop gap arrangement in 7ubstantive posts.
the direct recruits were appointed in accordance with rule 5a read with appendix a of u p forest service rules1952 for short the rules.
conservators forest and the seniority of direct recruits shall accordingly be fixed.

Summary for label 'A':
it is also contended that the promotees are entitled in terms of the judgment in k c joshi case for appointment by promotion to substantive vacancies within their quota in the respective years and that therefore their seniority should be counted from the years in which they started discharging their duties as asstt.
conservators forest as they were initially appointed to the substantive vacancies.
in the counter affidavit filed by the state it is stated that as on december 11980 both permanent and temporary posts were 131 as on february 121986203 posts were existing.

Summary for label 'RPC':
as and when the temporary posts are converted either into permanent posts or the vacancies arise due to superannuation of the senior officers they should be fixed in the respective vacancies and fitment made.
after exhausting the exercise the remaining candidates awaiting appointment would continue to be temporary until they get due placement or fixation of their seniority.
the contempt petitions are accordingly disposed of.

