Summary for label 'F':
according to the prosecution case on 11th august1990 at about 3 00 p m anna shety band patte mukesh ramesh and prakash band patte had gone to the vrindavan video parlour for watching a movie.
an auto rickshaw bearing registration no mwq 5624 belonging to manik bhende gavali was found abandoned in a damaged condition with broken glasses.
these witnesses knew the accused from before by their names and had also identified them later when called upon to do so.

Summary for label 'R':
through this appeal under section 19 of tada the appellants have called in question their conviction and sentence.
he shall be released from custody forthwith if not required in any other case.
there can not be piece meal hearing of an appeal on merits first by this court to determine if an offence under tada is made out or not and then by the high court.

Summary for label 'A':
p c was one of total denial and false implication.
a 4 alleged false implication at the instance of pw 15 waman while a 8 alleged false implication at the hands of the police with a view to pressurise him to withdraw a complaint concerning the murder of his brother and 5 others allegedly committed by the police.
before we part with the judgment we would also like to deal with a submission made on behalf of the appellants by their learned counsel that since the offence under section 3 of tada is not made out the criminal appeal filed in this court may be transferred to the high court for its disposal in exercise of our jurisdiction under article 142 of the constitution of india for the reason that a first appeal against conviction and sentence recorded for various offences under the indian penal code by the sessions court lies to the high court.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the designated court as already noticed found all of them guilty and convicted them for the offences under section 3 tada302149307149 and 323149 ipc.
the designated court after considering the evidence of the first incident and the manner of assault on the deceased and pw 9 and pw 14came to the conclusion that the appellants alongwith some others had intended to create terror in a section of the people wadar community and with that intention had assaulted pw 14the deceased and pw9 by lethal weapons and were therefore guilty of committing an offence under section 3 tada.
in fairness to the learned counsel for the state mr madhav reddy sr advocate we must also record that he conceded that in the facts and circumstances of the case and keeping in view the law laid down by the constitution bench in kartar singh 's case 1994. supp scale 1 1994 indlaw sc 525 and hitendra vishnu thakur 's case 1994 indlaw sc 1706 supra no offence under section 3 of tada could be said to have been committed by the appellants.

Summary for label 'P':
in hitendra vishnu thakur and others vs. state of maharashtra.
1994 indlaw sc 1706 this court opined that the criminal activity in order to invoke tada must be committed with the requisite intention as contemplated by section 31 of the act by use of such weapons as have been enumerated therein and which cause or are likely to result in the commission of offences as mentioned in that section.
thus unless the act complained of falls strictly within the letter and spirit of section 31 of tada and is committed with the intention as envisaged by that section by means of the weapons etc as are enumerated therein with the motive as postulated thereby an accused can not be tried or convicted for an offence under section 31 of tada.

Summary for label 'S':
section 19 1 and 2 of tada read as follows.
19 appeal 1 notwithstanding anything contained in the code an appeal shall lie as a matter of right from any judgment sentence or order not being an interlocutory order of a designated court to the supreme court both on facts and on law.
2 except as aforesaid no appeal or revision shall lie to any court from any judgment sentence or order including an interlocutory order of a designated court.

Summary for label 'RPC':
the submission of the learned counsel is thus devoid of merits and is consequently rejected.

