Summary for label 'F':
these three appeals by special leave are directed against one and the same judgment dated 25 09 l992 of the division bench of calcutta high court.
bengal requisitioned large extent of fisheries including the disputed nalban fishery on 5 11 1969 in exercise of power under section 31 of the west bengal land requisition and acquisition act of 1948 hereinafter referred to as the requisition act pursuant to the aforesaid requisition order the state of west bengal took possession of the nalban fishery on 8 11 1969 members of the sarkar family challenged the order of requisition by filing a writ petition in calcutta high court in november1969 which was registered as civil rule no 7317 w of 1969 the aforesaid writ petition was dismissed by the learned single judge.
pursuant to the aforesaid order appointing collector 24 parganas as receiver.

Summary for label 'RLC':
this court further ordered we again wish to re emphasize that the terms of the decree shall not effect the rights of the state of west bengal in any manner whatsoever to the fisheries in question if they have vested in state under the provisions of the west bengal estate acquisition act of 1953 act x of 1954. it would be appropriate at this stage to extract this part of the decree passed by this court in view of the foregoing we again wish to re emphasize that the terms the decree shall not affect the rights of the state of west bengal in any manner whatsoever to the fisheries in question if they have vested in the state under the provisions of the west bengal estates acquisition act1953 act x of 1954.

Summary for label 'A':
ray the learned senior counsel appearing for bansilal farms in addition to the contentions raised by mr salve appearing for the state of west.
gupta also contended that the receiver assumed possession of the fisheries pursuant to the order of the supreme court dated 6th of november1978 and having submitted a report to that effect on 22 11 1978 indicating that it has taken possession of the nalban fishery.
in this connection he had further urged that this question had not been raised before the high court.

Summary for label 'R':
judged from this view there is no infirmity with the direction issued by the learned single judge as well as division bench of the calcutta high court warranting interference by this court.
it is also not disputed that the state of west bengal though was not a party to the suit but in course of proceeding before this court by an order of the court the said state of west bengal was impleaded as a party.
it is no doubt true that a writ petition has been filed challenging the validity of the aforesaid act and notification issued there under in relation to vary nalban fishery which is still pending and therefore it would not be proper for us to examine the provisions of the emended west bengal land reforms act and to express any opinion thereon.

Summary for label 'S':
the suit ultimately no doubt was disposed of on the basis of a compromise arrived at between the parties but the court took sufficient care in disposing of the appeals on the terms of compromise by observing that the state has substantial interest with regard to fisheries rights covered by the litigation and nothing in the decree will not affect the rights of the state of west.
bengal in any manner whatsoever to the fisheries in question if they are vested in the state under the provisions of west bengal estates acquisition act1953.
the nalban fishery had been requisitioned by the state of west bengal in exercise of power under section 31 of the west bengal land requisition and acquisition act is not disputed and can not be disputed and since the validity of the said order of requisition had been challenged by the sarkar family in the calcutta high court and being unsuccessful there they had also filed special leave petition in this court in slp c no 145272 which was ultimately dismissed by this court on 17 11 1972. by virtue of the extended definition of land in section 2 7 and the amended provisions of section 3a of the land reforms act tank fishery like nalban fishery come within the definition of and it vests in the state by operation of section 31 read with section 14.

Summary for label 'RPC':
in view of our aforesaid conclusions the impugned directions of the learned single judge as well as of the division bench are set aside and these appeals are allowed.
the injunction order issued against bansilal farms appellant in appeal arising out of slp c no 13314 of 1992stands vacated.
there will be no order as to costs.

