Summary for label 'F':
the appellant is a trust which wanted to establish a self financing engineering college and submitted an application during 1994 95 to the university of kerala as well as to all india council for technical education hereinafter called the aicte.
there was an inspection by a team of professors of the university and it recommended favourably when it stated that the facilities provided by the appellant would be sufficient for establish ing an engineering college.
thereafter the appellant filed writ petition o p no 4612 of 1996 for quashing the said order and for a direction to sanction and establish an engineering college.

Summary for label 'A':
there were also two unaided engineering colleges at mallappuram and thiruvananthapuram.
thus the government policy was not to grant fresh approvals.
if more approvals were granted it might lead to commercialisation of education.

Summary for label 'P':
as stated earlier the above provisions of the aicte act came up for consideration in state of tamil nadu v adhiyaman educational research institute1995 4 scc 104 1995 indlaw sc 1631. in the above matter the state of tamil nadu granted permission on 17 4 84 to all private managements to start private engineering colleges without financial commitment to government but subject to conditions.
at that time in 1984the aicte act was not on the statute book.
they were preconstitutional or a post constitutional laws they would be repugnant to the aicte act passed by parliament under entry 66 of list.

Summary for label 'R':
whether any statute in the state of kerala if it required such approval would be void.
this court then referred to the madras university act1923 it was held that s 10 of the central act dealt with various matters including granting approval for starting new technical institutionsand that so far as these matters were concerned.
there is no power vested in the state under any state law to grant approval and even if it was so vested it would have been void in view of tamil nadu case.

Summary for label 'S':
the clause in s 101 which is important in the present case is subcl k of s 101 and it provides that the council might grant approval for starting new technical institutions and for introduction of new courses or programmes in consultation with the agencies concerned.
regulations have been framed on 31st october1994 by the aicte in exercise of powers conferred on it by s 231 of the aicte act.
d no approved intake capacity of seats shall be increased or varied except with the approval of the council.

Summary for label 'RPC':
thus we hold in the present case that there was no statutory require ment for obtaining the approval of the state government and even if there was one it would have been repugnant to the aicte act.
the appeal is allowed and disposed of as stated above.
there will be no order as to costs.

