Summary for label 'F':
p c the appellant preferred an appeal putting in issue his conviction and sentence.
bd rushed to the place only to find that the dead body was of none else than his own daughter section blood was oozing out from her mouth and private parts.
the clothes on his person did not have any blood or seminal stains.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the trial court sentenced the appellant to death under section 302 ipc and to undergo rigorous imprisonment for life and pay a fine of rs 10000 in default of payment to undergo further r i for 3 years under section 3762f ipc.
in the result the high court has declined the confirmation of death sentence but upheld the conviction on both the charges found proved and dismissed the appeal laying challenge to the conviction subject to modification in the sentence by substituting sentence of life imprisonment for death sentence under section 302 ipc.
the accused appellant has filed this appeal by special leave.

Summary for label 'R':
during cross examination kalu ram stated that the accused was his neighbour previously known to him.
p c is to afford the accused personally an opportunity of explaining any incriminating circumstance so appearing in evidence against him.
in shankarlal gyarasilal dixit 's case 1980 indlaw sc 47 supra this court cautioned human nature is too willing when faced with brutal crimes to spin stories out of strong suspicions.

Summary for label 'P':
in dhananjoy chatterjee v state of west bengal 1994 2 scc 220 1994 indlaw sc 1743 wherein one of us dr a s anand j as his lordship then was spoke for the bench.
in dhananjoy chatterjee 's case 1994 indlaw sc 1743 supra the decision of this court in sharad birdhichand sarda v state of maharashtra 1984 4 scc 116 1984 indlaw sc 432 was relied on.
she stated that accompanied by phukla another young girl a cousin of hers and s the deceased she had gone to purchase balloon from the shop of goma.

Summary for label 'A':
shri sushil kumar jain the learned counsel for the accused appellant has placed reliance on shankarlal gyarasilal dixit v state of maharashtra air 1981. sc 765 1980 indlaw sc 47. therein a charge under sections 376 and 302 ipc was sought to be substantiated on circumstanctial evidence.
one of the circumstan tial evidence relied on was that a human blood stain of b group was found on the accused 's pant which blood group was also of the deceased.
another circumstantial evidence relied on was that a stain of semen was found on the under pant of the accused.

Summary for label 'RPC':
conviction of the accused appellant under sections 302 and 3762f of indian penal code is set aside.
he is acquitted of the charges framed against him.
he shall be set at liberty forthwith if not required to be detained in connection with any other offence.

