Summary for label 'F':
the petitioners reserved their right to sue for damages in terms of order ii rule 2 cpc.
yeh jo hai zindagi in view of exhibits a b and e colly to the plaint.
the suit not maintainable against defendant no 5 for failure to give notice u s 80 of cpc.

Summary for label 'A':
therefore it was submitted that the suit lacked cause of action.
about 18 years ago before filing of the suit the respondents came into contact with the petitioners initially as clients in connection with the job of advertisement of their products on all india radio theatre and films and later on television.
in the meanwhile the respondents contended that m s brook bond ltd who wanted to link up their commercial with 13 episodes and agreed to pay and paid the ruling market price.

Summary for label 'R':
therefore it can not be said that there is any communication between the same.
we are not satisfied that the petitioners have made out a case for consideration by this court.
in his further evidence mr gill stated that some time in the month of may june1984 he had met kundan shah and requested to make a comedy serial for doordarshan which clearly indicated that it is only the respondents who were dealing with doordarshan.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the high court observed that the petitioners had no knowledge of the doordarshan scheme regarding the sponsored programme and linking of 2 minutes advertisement and agreed with the findings of the trial court that it is improbable for the respondents to have agreed to reduce its income in the form of commission and undertake the responsible job of production of the serial.
it was stated that certain bills had been given to the petitioners to suit their convenience in tax matters and there was no such bill submitted to the petitioners by the respondents when the petitioner had agreed to extend the sponsorship from episodes nos 27 to 52 and noticed the nature of the system of accounting maintained by them and held that the petitioners had got deductions in respect of the entire amount of the bill in the year which ended on 31 march 1984.

Summary for label 'RPC':
thus we find absolutely no merit in this petition.
we decline to interfere with the order made by the high court affirming the decree of the trial court.
petition dismissed.

