Summary for label 'F':
these two appeals involve identical questions and therefore are disposed of by this common judgment after noticing the factual position so far as they are relevant.
as there was no inducement or assurance the question of any promissory estoppel did not arise.
estoppel is a rule of equity which has gained new dismensions in recent years.

Summary for label 'A':
there was no material to show existence of any overriding public interest to rule out application of the aforesaid doctrine there was no scope for retrospective withdrawal.
in response learned counsel for the respondent state submitted that the appellants have failed to adduce any evidence or material to show that were in any way induced by any governmental action to set up industries.
of tamil nadu ors on 27 1 1984 and in c a 86052002 i e bannari amman sugars ltd v commercial tax officer.

Summary for label 'P':
promissory estoppel is defined in black 's law distionary as an estoppel which arises when there is a promise which promissor should reasonable expect to induce action or forbearance of a definite and substantial character on the part of promisee and which does include such action or forbearance and such promise is binding if injustice can be avoided only by enforcement of promise.
dixon j an australian jurists in grundt v great boulder gold mines prorietary ltd 1939 59 clr 641 aust laid down as under it is often said simply that the party asserting the estoppel must have been induced to act to his detriment.
1995 1 scc 274 1994 indlaw sc 2183. it was held that the doctrine of promissory estoppel represents a principle evolved by equity to avoid injustice.

Summary for label 'R':
v hindustan development corporation and others air 1994. sc 9981993 indlaw sc 1085. while the discretion to change the policy in exercise of the executive power when not trammelled by any statute or rule is wide enough what is imperative and implicit in terms of article 14 is that a change in policy must be made fairly and should not give impression that it was so done arbitrarily or by any ulterior criteria.
the reasonableness in administrative law must therefore distinguish between proper course and improper abuse of power.
contrary to what the high court has stated it appears from record that counter affidavits were filed.

Summary for label 'S':
article 166 of the constitution deals with the conduct of government business.
2 orders and other instruments made and executed in the name of the governor shall be authenticated in such manner as may be specified in rules to be made by the governor and the validity of an order or instrument which is so authenticated shall not be called in question on the ground that it is not an order or instrument made or executed by the governor.
the governor shall make rules for the more convenient transaction of the business of the government of the state and for the allocating among ministers of the said business in so far as it is not business with respect to which the governor is by or under this constitution required to act in his discretion.

Summary for label 'RPC':
to the aforesaid limited extent the matter is remitted to the high court for fresh consideration.
the appeals are disposed of accordingly without any order as to costs.
appeals disposed of.

