Summary for label 'F':
they having come to learn that certain vacancies exist in the respondent authority applied therefor although no advertisement in that behalf was issued.
on or about 17 3 1997 however they began receiving a salary of rs 1500 per month.
respondents had also mentioned in their claim that there was a proposal to hand over the colony of oda project to indore municipal corporation.

Summary for label 'R':
it is therefore constitutionally obliged to strictly comply with the requirements of articles 14 and 16 thereof before making any appointment.
see state of u p others vs. ajay kumar 1997 4 scc 88 1997 indlaw sc 833 jawaharlal nehru krishi viswa vidyalaya jabalpur m p vs. bal kishan soni and others 1997 5 scc 86 1997 indlaw sc 928. no notification has been brought to our notice that the standard standing orders had been made applicable to the appellants.
furthermore the indore municipal corporation was not a party and thus no employee could be thrust upon it without its consent.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the oda project is said to have been completed and only the maintenance thereof was to be looked after by the indore municipal corporation.
it was held that the services of the appellants can not be directed to be regularized in services.
as regard application of the doctrine of equal pay for equal work it was held to be not applicable as the appellants were not entitled to absorption or classification in terms of the 1961 act and the 1963 rules.

Summary for label 'A':
the learned counsel would urge that a seniority list was also drawn up and an employment code was assigned to each one of the appellants from which fact the nature of their employment should be judged.
our attention was also drawn to the application dated 22 10 1991 filed by one o p mandloi before the chairman of the indore development authority disclosing his educational qualifications and enclosing therewith the mark sheets and degrees obtained by him in civil engineering and also secondary school examination certificate to show his date of birth.
it was urged that there does not exist any controversy that oda was to continue before 30 6 1997 and as such the appellants could not have been absorbed by the respondent authority.

Summary for label 'S':
temporary employee means an employee who has been employed for work which is essentially of a temporary character or who is temporarily employed as an additional employee in connection with the temporary increase in the work of a permanent nature provided that in case such employee is required to work continuously for more than six months he shall be deemed to be a permanent employee within the meaning of cl.
under sub s 1 of section 6 the state government may by notification apply standard standing orders to such class of undertakings and from such date as may be specified therein.
sub s 2 of section 6 reads as under where immediately before the commencement of this act standing order are in force in respect of any undertaking such standing orders shall until standard standing orders are applied to such undertaking under sub s. 1 continue in force as if they were made under this act.

Summary for label 'P':
the state has not created any post nor they could do so on their own.
jt 2004 8 sc 531 2004 indlaw sc 729 a division bench of this court opined no person illegally appointed or appointed without following the procedure prescribed under the law is entitled to claim that he should be continued in service.
it appears that there existed a scheme for regularization and some directions were issued in terms thereof.

Summary for label 'RPC':
for the reasons aforementioned we do not find any merit in these appeals which are dismissed accordingly.
there shall however be no order as to costs.
appeals dismissed.

