Summary for label 'F':
pw 4junior engineer civil line zone visited 189 prem gali punja sharif mori gate where he found unauthorized construction going at the first floor of the said plot.
f i r was prepared on the report of mr m k verma who forwarded the f i r before zonal engineer who ordered to issue notice under section 343344 of the delhi municipal corporation act1957 for short the dmc act subsequently the second respondent along with kuldeep singh were prosecuted for commission of offences under sections 332 and 461 of the dmc act before the designated municipal court.
against the judgment and order dated 23 3 2004the accused filed criminal revision petition no 185 of 2004 before the high court delhi.

Summary for label 'RLC':
besides that he has already undergone some period in custody.
he is not a previous convict nor habitual offender.
he is not doing any business due to his bad health.

Summary for label 'A':
he further submitted that the high court while passing the impugned order and judgment did not take into consideration that the accused respondent had been convicted in another criminal case no 202 of 1997 by the court of metropolitan magistrate patiala house new delhi.
it was further submitted that the high court should not have waived off the payment of fine amount by the accused respondent and that the high court ought to have taken into consideration that the respondent has been in jail for only three days and had not put in substantial period in custody.
therefore learned senior counsel appearing for the appellant prayed that order dated 26 3 2004 in crl.

Summary for label 'R':
the high court vide its order impugned in this appeal has observed that there is no allegation that the respondent is a previous convict.
a person whose case is based on falsehood can be summarily thrown out at any stage of the litigation.
we have no hesitation to say that a person whose case is based on falsehood has no right to approach the court and he can be summarily thrown out at any stage of the litigation.

Summary for label 'S':
before proceeding further it would be beneficial to reproduce section 4 of the probation of offenders act1958 which is extracted below for ready reference.
we have already reproduced section 4 of the pob act.
the only limitation imposed by section 6 is that in the first instance an offender under twenty one years of age will not be sentenced to imprisonment.

Summary for label 'P':
these facts are of primary importance before the court can pass an order under the probation of offenders act.
in the case of r mahalingam v g padmavathi and anr.
the words if any would only cover a case where notwithstanding such requisition the probation officer for one reason or other has not submitted a report.

Summary for label 'RPC':
the appeal is accordingly allowed with costs of rs 10000 to be paid by the second respondent to the appellant as indicated in paragraph supra.
appeal allowed.

