Summary for label 'F':
these appeals are directed against a judgment and order dated 17 october 2003 passed by the special court constituted under the special courts trial of offences relating to transactions in securities.
the appellants herein who are related to one harshad section mehta since deceased purchased nine residential flats in a building called madhuli apartments in worli area of mumbai.
however out of the said 29 entitles only late harshad mehta and two of his younger brothers were cited as accused in various criminal cases filed against them.

Summary for label 'RLC':
impugned judgment.
the learned special court in the impugned order stated i the grand total of the admitted liability thus comes to rs 7279127317 15. the amount of priority demand of income tax liabilities comes to rs 18297576248. the estimated value of the immovable properties of this group is rs 184030038. thus the total value of the assets as per the affidavit filed on behalf of the custodian of harshad mehta group is rs 9727332166 94. v thus taking into consideration the total of the decretal amount and the income tax liability it is clear that the total assets of harshad mehta group would be far below the liabilities.

Summary for label 'A':
reliance in this behalf has been placed on b c dalal 2005 indlaw sc 1826 v custodian.
no credit for rs 1227 crores released to revenue on interest are given by the custodian.
the said chart however shows that at least mrs deepika mehta held assets more than her liabilities.

Summary for label 'S':
in the ordinance which preceded the act there was no provision for giving post facto hearing to a notified person for cancellation of notification but such a provision has been made in the act as would appear from section 42 thereof 1 of section 4 of the act reads as under contracts entered into fraudulently may be cancelled if the custodian is satisfied after such inquiry as he may think fit that any contract or agreement entered into at any time after the 1st day of april 1991 and on and before the 6th june 1992 in relation to any property of the person notified under sub s 2 of section 3 has been entered into fraudulently or to defeat the provisions of this act he may cancel such contract or agreement and on such cancellation such property shall stand attached under this act.
provided that no contract or agreement shall be cancelled except after giving to the parties to the contract or agreement a reasonable opportunity of being heard.
section 9 a which was inserted by act 24 of 1994 with effect from 25th january 1994 confers all such jurisdiction powers and authority as were exercisable immediately before such commencement by any civil court in relation to the matter specified therein.

Summary for label 'R':
we may further notice that the learned special court relied upon a decision in custodian v union of india and ors.
No 202. arunachal bhawan barakhamba road is subject matter of a separate proceeding pending before this court viz civil appeal.
both the parties shall be entitled to inspect such documents and filed their responses thereto within one week thereafter.

Summary for label 'P':
constitutionality and or interpretation of the act came up for consideration before this court in harshad shantilal.
the special court can for this purpose examine whether there is any fraud collusion or miscarriage of justice in assessment proceedings.
this also indicates that no separate notification or order in regard to the attachment is necessary.

Summary for label 'RPC':
with the aforementioned observations and directions these appeals are allowed.
the impugned judgments are set aside and the matter is remitted to the learned judge special court for consideration of the matter afresh.
however the parties shall bear their own costs.

