Summary for label 'F':
upon exporting of alloy steel it was entitled to credits under the duty entitlement pass book depb.
20 12 2004the authorities of the dri stated that transactions after 11 10 2003 were not under scrutiny.
v by orders dated 31 8 2004 and 28 10 2004the civil judge directed release of documents to appellant.

Summary for label 'A':
the final order of detention was preceded not only on the basis of raids conducted in various premises recording of statements of a large number of witnesses carrying on intensive inquiries both within india and outside india obtaining test reports from three different laboratories but also the fact that despite notices appellant and his associates did not cooperate with the investigating authorities.
they initiated various civil proceedings from time to time obtained various interim orders and thus delay in passing the order of detention can not be said to have not been explained.
learned counsel would contend that keeping in view the nature and magnitude of an offence under cofeposa a distinction must be made between an order of detention passed under cofeposa vis a vis other acts as per the law laid down by this court in rajendrakumar natvarlal shah v state of gujarat and others 1988 3 scc 153 1988 indlaw sc 71 and in that view of the matter the high court must be held to have arrived at a correct decision.

Summary for label 'R':
he was released from custody on 17 5 2006. we may first deal with the question of unexplained delay.
it is no doubt true that if the delay is sufficiently explained the same would not be a ground for quashing an order of detention under cofeposa but as in this case a major part of delay remains unexplained.
although learned additional solicitor general may be correct in his submissions that ordinarily we should not exercise our discretionary jurisdiction u art 136 of the constitution of india by allowing appellant to raise new grounds but in our opinion we may have to do so as an order of detention may have to be considered from a different angle.

Summary for label 'S':
this appeal however has been pressed as a proceeding under the smugglers and foreign exchange manipulators forfeiture of property act1976 for short safemahas been initiated against appellant.

Summary for label 'P':
we may also place on record that sen j in rajendrakumar natvarlal shah 1988 indlaw sc 71 suprawhile laying down various stages of the procedures leading to an order of detention opined that rule as to unexplained delay in taking action is not inflexible and a detention under cofeposa may be considered from a different angle.
respondents contended that on first information report was registered against appellant as also one sepoy narender singh.
learned additional solicitor general submitted that due to non supply of documents which were not vital or have merely been referred to as incidental the order of detention may not become vitiated as was been held by this court in kamarunnissa v. 1991 1 scc 128 1990 indlaw sc 85 the said decision was rendered in a different fact situation.

Summary for label 'RPC':
in view of our findings aforementioned it is not necessary to consider the contention raised by mr mukul rohtagi that order of detention suffers from non application of mind.
the judgment of the high court therefore cannot be sustained.
it is set aside accordingly and the order of detention passed against appellant is quashed.

