Summary for label 'F':
that agreement was between madan verma director of a company known as m s. ltd ghaziabad and m s rich food products p ltd noida.
under the said agreement m s kay aar biscuits p ltd was.
ltd to use its trade mark for the manufacture of wafers alone.

Summary for label 'R':
however since retrospective nature of the registration certificate dated 30 6 2000 is repeatedly being raised in this court we would like to examine the case law in this regard.
it is true as contended by mr shah that even distributors and sellers may have marks of their own but then there are ways and ways of indicating on the label itself that the mark embodied therein is the mark belonging to such distributor or seller.
for the aforestated reasons we do not find any merit in these civil appeals.

Summary for label 'A':
before the commissioner ait was argued in the alternative that the logo belonged to m s. that the same was registered ssi unit that m s kay aar biscuits p ltd was lying closed since 1 3 93 and therefore the appellants have been using that logo of m s kay aar biscuits p ltd who was eligible for exemption under notification no 193 ce as amended.
it was urged that merely because an agreement stood entered into on 22 11 89 between m s ltd. the department had erred in alleging that the trade mark belonged to m s it was urged that m s ltd had never got the trade mark registered under the trade marks act.
before us it has been urged that m s ltd is non functional since 1 3 93 and therefore in any event appellants were entitled to use the trade mark meghraj.

Summary for label 'S':
notification no 193 ce dated 28 2 1993 was subsequently amended by notification no 5994 dated 1 3 94 para 7 of notification no 193 ce as amended read as under para 7 the exemption contained in this notification shall not apply to the specified goods where a manufacturer affixes the specified goods with a brand name or trade name registered or not of another person who is not eligible for the grant of exemption under this notification.
now once again turning to the provisions of s 18 sub section iit is clear that only a person claiming to be the proprietor of a trade mark used by him or proposed to be used by him could make an application to the registrar for the registration thereof.
applying the principle of deemed equivalence we may clarify that if the ssi unit wrongly affixes a trade mark of another person be it registered or not or if it uses the trade mark of an ineligible person then such default would not be eliminated by the above principle of deemed equivalence embodied in s 28 of the trade marks act1999 as that principle is based on a deeming fiction which fiction is confined only to the provisions of the trade marks act.

Summary for label 'P':
we have already reached a conclusion that so far as this country is concerned degoumois co have totally disclaimed any interest in the proprietorship of that mark for watches etc.
we quote hereinbelow paras 27 and 30 of the said judgment which read as follows at any rate it must be remembered that in this case i am not dealing with a passing off action or an action for infringement of a trade mark which is alleged to be common property.
as already stated by me while referring to the observations of sir john romily it is not really necessary for me to decide in this case as to whether there could or could not be any property in a trade mark for the purpose of deciding this case.

Summary for label 'RPC':
as between two competitors who are each desirous of adopting such a markit is to use familiar language entirely a question of who gets there first.
gaw kan lye v saw kyone saing air 1939. rang 343. fb registration under the statute does not confer any new right to the mark claimed or any greater right than what already existed at common law and at equity without registration.
accordingly the civil appeals stand dismissed with no order as to costs.

