Summary for label 'F':
shri tayeng by a uo note dated 12 01 1998 denied to have made such an appointment stating confidential u o no 21593 com r pt.
the honourable minister revenuei am to say that i am not all aware of such appointments made by me except for 3 lambus who were kept in panel for appointment and accordingly the s o revenue.
as stated above i was transferred and posted to the manipur electronics development corporation during 1997.

Summary for label 'R':
as noticed hereinbefore an inquiry had been made wherein the said shri tayeng the then commissioner of revenue stated that no such appointment had been made to his knowledge.
any action which had not been taken by an authority competent therefor and in complete violation of the constitutional and legal framework would not be binding on the state.
it is true that where appointments had been made by a competent authority or at least some steps have been taken in that behalf the principles of natural justice are required to be complied with in view of the decision of this court in murugayya udayar 1991 indlaw sc 904 supra.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the writ petitions filed by the respondents herein were allowed by a learned single judge of the high court opining i the principles of natural justice having not been complied with the impugned orders can not be sustained.
whereas in the impugned order the appointments of the respondents were said to have been passed without the knowledge of the administrative department revenue department in the counter affidavit it was stated that no records were available in respect thereof and thus the said plea being inconsistent with each other the orders of cancellation of appointment would be bad in law in the light of a decision of this court in mohinder singh gill and anr v. chief election commissioner delhi and ors air 1978 sc 851 1977 indlaw sc 53. however it was observed however it is further made clear that the state respondent are at liberty to initiate or take up any appropriate legal action in the matter pertaining to their alleged fake appointments in their respective posts in accordance with law and pass necessary order after affording reasonable opportunity of being heard to them.
so far as the matter relating to civil appeal arising out of slp c no 19375 19376 of 2005 is concerned it was directed that as the appointment of the respondents were made for a period of six months the employees were only entitled to the salary for the said period.

Summary for label 'A':
mr jaideep gupta learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of the appellants would submit that the high court went wrong in passing the impugned judgment insofar as it failed to take into consideration that in a case of this nature it was not necessary to comply with the principles of natural justice.
strong reliance in this behalf has been placed on kendriya vidyalaya sangathan and others v ajay kumar das and others 2002 4 scc 503 2002 indlaw sc 287. it was argued that the question as to whether appointments were made without the knowledge of the department or for that matter whether any record was available there for was of not much significance as in effect and substance they lead to the same inference and in that view of the matter the decision of this court in mohinder singh gill 1977 indlaw sc 53 supra was not attracted.
strong reliance in this behalf has been placed on parshotam lal dhingra v union of india.

Summary for label 'P':
in m c mehta v union of india and others 1999 6 scc 237 1999 indlaw sc 1396this court developed the useless formality theory stating more recently lord bingham has deprecated the useless formality theory in r v. chief constable of the thames valley police forces ex p cotton by giving six reasons see also his article should public law remedies be discretionary.
a detailed and emphatic criticism of the useless formality theory has been made much earlier in natural justice substance or shadow by prof d h clark of canada 1975 pl27 63 contending that malloch and glynn were wrongly decided.
we may however point out that even in cases where the facts are not all admitted or beyond dispute there is a considerable unanimity that the courts can in exercise of their discretion refuse certiorari prohibition mandamus or injunction even though natural justice is not followed.

Summary for label 'RPC':
for the reasons aforementioned the impugned judgments can not be sustained.
they are set aside accordingly.
the appeals are allowed.

