Summary for label 'F':
puran singh had died about 20 years earlier leaving behind his wife two sons and a daughter mukhtiar kaur.
my house kothi is situated on the outer skirts of village bangawali and door planks had not been fixed so far to rooms.
therefore i could not see what had happened to mukhtiar kaur as she was in other room.

Summary for label 'R':
we therefore find that ujjagar singh 's conviction section 376 of the ipc can not be sustained.
it must be emphasized that but for this self serving statement made by the appellant there is nothing on record to support his positive stance.
homicidal shooting by dacoits is not uncommon in india and they are known to make their own firearms.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the trial court and the high court relying on the circumstances available on the evidence convicted and sentenced the appellant as already mentioned above.

Summary for label 'A':
he has also drawn our attention to the cross examination of the doctor wherein he reiterated that there was no visible blackening and that it was not possible for him to say whether the injury was suicidal or otherwise.
the autopsy report shows that a blackening and charring existed so far as injury no i is concerned.
the lacerated wound was found over grabella middle of forehead.

Summary for label 'P':
in 1984 4 scc 116 sharad birdhichand sarda v state of maharashtra 1984 indlaw sc 432 this court discussed the ratio of the judgments in hanumant v state of m p air 1952 sc 343 1952 indlaw sc 89 tufail alias simmi v state of u p 1969 3 scc 198 1969 indlaw sc 573 and ramgopal v state of maharashtra 1972 4 scc 625 1971 indlaw sc 555 and shivaji sahabrao bobade v state of maharashtra 1973 2 scc 793 1973 indlaw sc 181 and observed thus a close analysis of this decision would show that the following conditions must be fulfilled before a case against an accused can be said to be fully established 1the circumstances from which the conclusion of guilt is to be drawn should be fully established.
there is not only a grammatical but a legal distinction between may be proved and must be or should be proved as was held by this court in shivaji sahabrao bobade v state of maharashtra 1973 indlaw sc 181 where the following observations were made.
certainly it is a primary principle that the accused must be and not merely may be guilty before a court can convict and the mental distance between may be is long and divides vague conjectures from sure conclusions.

Summary for label 'RPC':
we accordingly acquit the appellant of the charge section 376 of the ipc but maintain his conviction for the other offences but commute his death sentence to life.
with this modification the appeal is dismissed.
appeal dismissed.

