Summary for label 'F':
he was also convicted for offences punishable under section 392 read with section 397 ipc and sentence to undergo rigorous imprisonment for 10 years and to pay a fine.
p 12 dated 22 9 2003 made before p w 42 and subbiah and p w 24led to recovery of m dollar m 0 38 and key chain with key chain in m 0 39 from the toilet in the room of the accused.
d statement of the accused leading to recovery of incriminating materials such as knife rope clothes wooden log and other valuable articles such as computer gold ornamentsm dollar and the key chain with key belonging to the deceased.

Summary for label 'R':
so far as the first confession statement made before p w 40 is concerned admittedly the accused was under physical custody at that time whereas at the time of last confession stated to have been made before p w 42the accused was on bail and he had been summoned by p w 42 for further examination and therefore technically in custody.
such alleged confession made belatedly thus creates doubt regarding its authenticity or voluntariness.
in this context it is to be noted that c w 1 states that m dollar was taken from him by p w 42 for the purpose of facilitating investigation.

Summary for label 'P':
1992 indlaw sc 107it was pointed out that great care must be taken in evaluating circumstantial evidence and if the evidence relied on is reasonably capable of two inferences the one in favour of the accused must be accepted.
in other words there must be a chain of evidence so far complete as not to leave any reasonable ground for a conclusion consistent with the innocence of the accused and it must be such as to show that within all human probability the act must have been done by the accused.
a reference may be made to a later decision in sharad birdhichand sarda v state of maharashtraair 1984 sc 1622 1984 indlaw sc 432 therein while dealing with circumstantial evidence it has been held that onus was on the prosecution to prove that the chain is complete and the infirmity of lacuna in prosecution can not be cured by false defence or plea.

Summary for label 'RPC':
the appeal is dismissed.
appeal dismissed.

