Summary for label 'F':
the earlier order passed by this court dated 22 8 2006 reads as follows heard.
since the impugned order is passed by a learned single judge.
the normal remedy is to file a letters patent appeal.

Summary for label 'A':
learned counsel for the appellant submitted that the order of this court is very clear and the conclusions of the high court that merely limitation was waived is contrary to the clear terms of the earlier order of this court.
additionally it is submitted that the prayer in the writ petition was to quash the order passed by the assistant commissioner commercial tax.

Summary for label 'R':
once such a jurisdiction was invoked and when his writ petition was dismissed on merits it can not be said that the learned single judge had exercised his jurisdiction only u art 226 of the constitution of india.
it takes us to the consideration of points arising for our decision on merits.
in view of what has been stated above the high court was not justified in holding that the letters patent appeal was not maintainable.

Summary for label 'S':
s 2 of the act reads as follows 21. an appeal shall lie from a judgment or order passed by the one judge of the high court in exercise of original jurisdiction u art 226 of the constitution of india to a division bench comprising of two judges of the same high court.
provided that no such appeal shall lie against an interlocutory order or against an order passed in exercise of supervisory jurisdiction u art 227 of the constitution of india.

Summary for label 'P':
as we have seen above an intra court appeal against the judgment of a single judge in a petition u art 226 is not barred while cl 15 itself bars an intra court appeal against the judgment of a single judge in a petition u art 227. in sushilabai laxminarayan mudliyar v nihalchand waghajibhai shaha 1993 supp 1 scc 11 1991 indlaw sc 718. this court with reference to an unreported judgment in ratnagiri district central co operative bank ltd v. dinkar kashinath watve 1989 indlaw sc 421c a no 520 of 1989 decided on 27 1 1989 held as follows even when in the cause title of an application both art 226 and art 227 of the constitution have been mentioned the learned single judge is at liberty to decide according to facts of each particular case whether the said application ought to be dealt with only u art 226 of the constitution.
transport society ltd air 1961 punj 24 1960 indlaw pnh 196 and we are in agreement with it.
it would not be an over emphasis to state that an order in a writ petition can fit into the subtle contour of arts 226 and 227 of the constitution in a composite manner and they can coincide co exit overlap imbricate.

Summary for label 'RPC':
the impugned order is set aside.
the writ appeal shall be heard by the division bench on merits.
the appeal is allowed.

