Summary for label 'F':
statement of shri hemant singh counsel for m s thakural mechanical works without oath.
the said m s jain industries however was not impleaded as a party therein.
if thukral did then it can not be said that there was no bona fide use thereof by its proprietor.

Summary for label 'A':
appellant 's counsel appeared on that date and inter alia contended that presently it was the registered owner of the trade mark which was sought to be cancelled.
in view of that statement a submission was made on behalf of the first respondent that it may be permitted to withdraw the petition with liberty to file a fresh petition on the same cause of action.

Summary for label 'R':
m s jain industries got itself registered and obtained periodical renewal thereof as is required under the act.
a person who had been using the said trade mark as a proprietor thereof by user is supposed to keep itself abreast with such applications filed by another either for registration of the trade mark or renewal thereof.
we may at this stage notice that in law of trade marks by mr k c kailasam while commenting on s 47 of the trade marks act1999 to which our attention has been drawn by mr sudhir chandra it is stated.

Summary for label 'S':
before adverting thereto we may take notice of the relevant statutory provisions ss 461b481482 and 56 read as under section 46 removal from register and imposition of limitations on ground of non use  1 subject to the provisions of section 47a registered trade mark may be taken off the register in respect of any of the goods in respect of which it is registered on application made in the prescribed manner to a high court or to the registrar by any person aggrieved on the ground either a b that up to a date one month before the date of the application a continuous period of five years or longer had elapsed during which the trade mark was registered and during which there was no bona fide use thereof in relation to those goods by any proprietor thereof for the time being provided that except where the applicant has been permitted under sub s 3 of s 12 to register an identical or nearly resembling trade mark in respect of the goods in question or where the tribunal is of opinion that he might properly be permitted so to register such a trade mark the tribunal may refuse an application u cl a or cl b in relation to any goods if it is shown that there has been before the relevent date or during the relevant period as the case may be bona fide use of the trade mark by any proprietor thereof for the time being in relation to goods of the same description being goods in respect of which the trade mark is registered.
the permitted use of a trade mark shall be deemed to be used by the proprietor thereof and shall be deemed not to be used by a person other than the proprietor for the purposes of s 46 or for any other purpose for which such use is material under this act or any other law.
the tribunal may in any proceeding under this section decide any question that may be necessary or expedient to decide in connection with the rectification of the register.

Summary for label 'P':
maharana shri bhagwat singhji bahadur of udaipur v union of india and anr air 1971. sc 530 1970 indlaw sc 300 para 88 to mean by the use of the expression for the time being in cl 22 of art 366. the president is not invested with authority to accord a temporary recognition to a ruler nor with authority to recognize or not to recognize a ruler arbitrarily the expression for them time being predicts that there shall be a ruler of the indian state that if the first recognized ruler dies or ceases to be a ruler a successor shall be appointed and that there shall not be more rulers than one at a given time.
it was observed that in cases of intermittent use also cl b shall apply.
in kabushiki kaisha toshiba this court relied upon hardie trading ltd anr.

Summary for label 'RPC':
it is set aside accordingly.
the appeal is allowed with costs.
counsel 's fee assessed at rs 100000. appeal allowed.

