Summary for label 'R':
we have heard mr raju learned counsel appearing on behalf of the appellants and mr s n bhat learned counsel appearing on behalf of the respondents.
one of the main criteria for deciding whether a particular person is a tenant or not is to see whether there was payment of rent either in cash or in kind.
so far as krishtappa yellapa pujar ors vs. ram samsthan beladhadi 1999 1 scc 74 is concerned we again fail to understand that how this could be of any help to the appellants.

Summary for label 'F':
thus the r t c extracts produced by him do not support his contention that he was cultivating the land in dispute as a tenant.
even in respect of the said claim he failed to produce any documentary evidence evidencing the said lease of land in dispute from gundu rao.
since the respondents 3 and 4 failed to produce any documentary evidence to show that their father was put in possession of the land in dispute by the 5th respondent mortgagee as a tenant and that they are continuing as tenants in respect of the said land after the death of their father i find that they are not entitled to grant of occupational rights.

Summary for label 'S':
the power conferred on the high court to revise the orders of the tribunals below has been provided in section 121a of the act which runs as under the high court may at any time call for the records of any order or proceeding recorded by the appellate authority under this act or any other law for the purpose of satisfying itself as to the legality of such order or as to the regularity of such proceeding and may pass such order with respect thereto as it thinks fit.

Summary for label 'A':
mr raju the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the appellants however contended before us that it was not open to the high court in the exercise of its revisional jurisdiction under section 121a of the act to interfere with the concurrent findings of fact arrived at by the appellate authority and the land tribunal.
in support of his contention he had relied on a decision of this court in the case of dahya lal ors vs. rasul mohammed abdul rahim 1963 3 scr 1 1962 indlaw sc 366. he also relied on a decision of this court in the case of mohan balaku patil ors vs. krishnoji bhaurao hundre dead.
by lrs 2000 1 scc 518 1999 indlaw sc 941 and krishtappa yellappa pujar ors vs. ram samsthan beladhadi 1999 1 scc 74 1998 indlaw sc 1197. in our view so far as the decision in the case of mohan balaku patil ors vs. by lrs 2000 1 scc 518 1999 indlaw sc 941 is concerned it is difficult to conceive how this decision could be of any help to the appellants.

Summary for label 'P':
again in jai mangal oraon vs mira nayak smt ors 2000 5 scc 141.
salambin mohammad 1992 2 scc 635 1992 indlaw sc 355this court at paragraph 20 has observed as follows in view of the above decisions even though we are now dealing with the appeal after grant of special leave we are not bound to go into merits and even if we do so and declare the law or point out the error.
still we may not interfere if the justice of the case on facts does not require interference or if we feel that the relief could be moulded in a different fashion.

Summary for label 'RPC':
in view of the aforesaid we are therefore of the view that this is not a fit case where this court shall interfere with the order passed by the high court under section 121a of the act 19 for the reasons aforesaid this appeal fails and is dismissed without any order as to costs.
appeal dismissed.

