Summary for label 'F':
ever since 1974 till now in my old age she has been serving me with exemplary devotion and sincerity.
i have also placed on record her invaluable services to me in my memoirshunchu mansina hathu mukhagalu 1991 edition.
appellants aggrieved thereby and dissatisfied therewith preferred an appeal before the karnataka high court which was marked as r f a no 271 of 2004. by reason of the impugned judgment and order dated 5 12 2007the said appeal has been dismissed.

Summary for label 'A':
rajiv dhavan learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of appellants in his usual fairness conceded.
ii dr karanth has made substantial changes in the original traditional form of the yakshagana dance.
the form of copyright as regards dramatic work as has been held by the high court stating the same to be a part of the literary work is not correct as they connote two different things.

Summary for label 'S':
section 2h defines dramatic work to include any piece of recitation choreographic work or entertainment in dumb show the scenic arrangement or acting form of which is fixed in writing or otherwise but does not include a cinematograph film.
22 term of copyright in published literary dramatic musical and artistic works.
b where the identity of more authors than one is disclosed as references to the author who dies last from amongst such authors.

Summary for label 'R':
dramatic literature the texts of plays that can be read as distinct from being seen and heard in performance.
it was also not a case where respondent in any manner whatsoever waived her right.
the courts while passing a decree for permanent injunction would avoid multiplicity of proceedings.

Summary for label 'RLC':
but that is not all in the will ex.
referring to the new encyclopaedia britannica and halsbury 's laws of england that a literary work with dramatic elements in it would also be literary work the high court observed dramatic works also could contain in its passages of great literary taste as in the case of great plays of william shakespear.
the operative part of the judgment of the trial court reads as under defendants or their employees or agents are restrained from performing the above said 7 ballets or prasangas or in parts thereof in any manner as evolved distinctively by dr karanth by way of permanent injunction.

Summary for label 'P':
2 where the same idea is being developed in a different manner it is manifest that the source being common similarities are bound to occur.
a violation of copyright amounts to an act of piracy it must be proved by clear and cogent evidence after applying the various tests laid down by the case law discussed above.
yet again in eastern book company ors vs d b modak anr 2008.

Summary for label 'RPC':
with the aforementioned modification in the order of injunction this appeal is dismissed.
however in the facts and circumstances of the case there shall be no order as to costs.
appeal dismissed.

