Summary for label 'F':
pw 1 also alleged that on 19 04 1988 the deceased rauji returned from his duty at about 6 30 p m and thereafter went to purchase some articles.
it was also alleged that when pw 8 tried to intervene the other three accused started assaulting her with fists and slaps.
it was also alleged that the other juvenile offender sharmila brought a cement block shaped like an elephant trunk which she handed over to accused No 3 with which accused No 3 started assaulting rauji.

Summary for label 'R':
pw 21 was also informed by said by said psi k k desai of panaji police station that it was a case of assault and that the incident had taken place at verandah and that the said matter pertains to his police station and therefore he should take appropriate action.
the information received by him was very cryptic and without any detail about the incident in question and therefore in any case there was no possibility of recording an fir at that stage.
he further stated that injury No 1 was sufficient to cause death in the ordinary course of nature.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the high court by impugned judgment convicted appellant.
accused No 1 section 302 ipc and accused nos.
2 and 3 were held guilty of an offence punishable section 323 read with section 34 of the ipc.

Summary for label 'A':
it was further submitted that the alleged eye witnesses of the occurrence were examined by the police belatedly and that the medical evidence adduced in the case does not in any manner support the ocular evidence and if at all it would not be a case of culpable homicide amounting to murder but a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
ms a subhashini learned counsel appearing for the respondent state however strenuously submitted that none of the aforesaid submissions could be accepted by this court as it is a foolproof case of conviction of the appellant section.
1 2 8 and 18 is convincing and reliable but so far as the evidence of pw 4 is concerned the high court has made an observation that he is not a reliable witness.

Summary for label 'P':
in the absence of any prohibition in the code express or implied i am of opinion that it is open to a police officer to make preliminary enquiries before registering an offence and making a full scale investigation into it.
it was not necessary for him to take that step only on the basis of a first information report.
the distinction is fine but real and if overlooked may result in miscarriage of justice.

Summary for label 'S':
section 299 defines culpable homicide as the act of causing death i with the intention of causing death or ii with the intention of causing such bodily injury as is likely to cause death or iii with the knowledge that such act is likely to cause death.
it has been repeatedly held by this court that culpable homicide is the genus and murder is species and that all murders are culpable homicide but not vice versa.
the aforesaid distinction between an act amounting to murder and an act not amounting to murder has been brought out in the numerous decisions of this court.

Summary for label 'RPC':
accordingly we convict the appellant under section 304 part ii of ipc and sentence him to undergo imprisonment for a period of 7 years.
his bail bonds shall stand cancelled and the appellant shall surrender immediately to serve out the remaining period of sentence.
if however the appellant does not surrender by himself the state shall take necessary steps to rearrest him to undergo the remaining part of sentence.

