Summary for label 'F':
prakashi devi and thereby committed an offence punishable u s 452 ipc within my cognizance.
and i hereby direct that you be tried on the above said charge by this court.
this was negatived by the appellate court and high court holding that an accused can not take advantage of a technical defect in framing the charge.

Summary for label 'RLC':
these go to the foundations of natural justice and would be struck down as illegal forthwith.
but these are matters of fact which will be special to each different case and no conclusion on these questions of fact in any one case can ever be regarded as a precedent or a guide for a conclusion of fact in another because the facts can never be alike in any two cases however alike they may seem.
there is no such thing as a judicial precedent on facts though counsel and even judges are sometimes prone to argue and to act as if there were.

Summary for label 'R':
where an accused is charged with having committed offence against one person but on the evidence led he is convicted for committing offence against another person without a charge being framed in respect of it the accused will be prejudiced resulting in a failure of justice.
in judging a question of prejudice as of guilt the courts must act with a broad vision and look to the substance and not to the technicalities and their main concern should be to see whether the accused had a fair trial whether he knew what he was being tried for whether the main facts sought to be established against him were explained to him fairly and clearly and whether he was given a full and fair chance to defend himself.
the accused did not have any opportunity to meet or defend himself against the charge that he assaulted sheela devi and outraged her modesty.

Summary for label 'S':
sub s 2 of sec 464 provides that if the court of appeal confirmation or revision is of opinion that failure of justice has in fact been occasioned it may a in the case of an omission to frame a charge order that a charge be framed and that the trial be recommended from the point immediately after the framing of the charge b in case of an error omission or irregularity in the charge direct a new trial to be had upon a charge framed in whatever manner it thinks fit.
illustration e u s 215 of the code as contrasted from illustration d under that section throws some light on this issue.
e a was charged with murdering haidar baksh on the 20th january1882and khoda baksh who tried to arrest him for that murder on the 21 st january1882 when charged for the murder of haidar baksh he was tried for the murder of khoda baksh.

Summary for label 'P':
the object of the code is to ensure that an accused person gets a full and fair trial along certain well established and well understood lines that accord with our notions of natural justice.
in gurbachan singh v state of punjab air 1957 sc 623 1957 indlaw sc 181 following willie slaney this court held in judging a question of prejudice as of guilt courts must act with a broad vision and look to the substance and not to technicalities and their main concern should be to see whether the accused had a fair trial whether he knew what he was being tried for whether the main facts sought to be established against him were explained to him fairly and clearly and whether he was given a full and fair chance to defend himself.
the special court framed a charge only for an offence u s 376 ipc and after trial convicted the respondent u s 376 ipc and sentenced him to ten years imprisonment.

Summary for label 'RPC':
the appeal is therefore allowed the conviction of the accused is set aside and the matter is remitted to the trial court with a direction for a new trial after framing a charge by substituting the words her daughter in law sheela devi for the words abovenamed prakashi deviin the second part of the charge.
appeal allowed.

