Summary for label 'F':
the said order was confirmed on may 222001 to remain operative till disposal of suit.
fwhether the registered trade mark has lost its distinctiveness and is liable to be removed under section.
in that suit the appellant also made an application for grant of temporary injunction.

Summary for label 'A':
learned counsel thus submitted that the impugned order is unsustainable and liable to be set aside.
1976 indlaw mad 380. he also placed reliance upon some more decisions viz ritz hotel ltd 1989. rpc 333philosophy di alberta ferretti 2003 r p c 15. keystone knitting mills trade mark1929 1 ch.
vaibhav gaggar learned counsel for the first respondent contended that the appellant is registered as a manufacturer and trader under classes 79 and 16 even though it is a company engaged in software only.

Summary for label 'R':
apart from it on september 122005 after hearing both parties special leave was granted by this court.
it certainly is not sufficient reason that they are at loggerheads with the respondents or desire in some way to injure them.
hardie trading ltd 2003 indlaw sc 756 1 has been followed by this court in a recent decision in the case of kabushiki kaisha toshiba 2008 10 scc 766 2008 indlaw sc 1395. this court stated that section 46 speaks for private interest while section 56 speaks of a public interest.

Summary for label 'S':
47a registered trade mark may be taken off the register in respect of any of the goods in respect of which it is registered on application made in the prescribed manner to a high court or to the registrar by any person aggrieved on the ground either a that the trade mark was registered without any bona fide intention on the part of the applicant for registration that it should be used in relation to those goods by him or in a case to which the provisions of section 45 apply by the company concerned and that there has in fact been no bona fide use of the trade mark in relation to those goods by any proprietor thereof for the time being up to a date one month before the date of the application or b that up to a date one month before the date of the application a continuous period of five years or longer had elapsed during which the trade mark was registered 18 and during which there was no bona fide use thereof in relation to those goods by any proprietor thereof for the time being provided that except where the applicant has been permitted under sub section 3 of section 12 to register an identical or nearly resembling trade mark in respect of the goods in question or where the tribunal is of opinion that he might properly be permitted so to register such a trade mark the tribunal may refuse an application under clause a or clause b in relation to any goods if it is shown that there has been before the relevant date or during the relevant period as the case may be bona fide use of the trade mark by any proprietor thereof for the time being in relation to goods of the same description being goods in respect of which the trade mark is registered.
s 56 power to cancel or vary registration and to rectify the register 1. on application made in the prescribed manner to a high court or to the registrar by any person aggrieved the tribunal may make such order as it may think fit for cancelling or varying the registration of a trade mark on the ground of any contravention or failure to observe a condition entered on the register in relation thereto.
the tribunal may in any proceeding under this section decide any question that may be necessary or expedient to decide in connection with the rectification of the register.

Summary for label 'P':
this section presupposes that the registration which was validly made is liable to be taken off by subsequent non user.
persons aggrieved may also apply for cancellation or varying an entry in the register relating to a certification trade mark to the central government in certain circumstances.
it was in this sense that the house of lords defined person aggrieved in the matter of powell 's trade mark although they were no doubt inserted to prevent officious interference by those who had no interest at all in the register being correct and to exclude a mere common informer it is undoubtedly of public interest that they should not be unduly limited inasmuch as it is a public mischief that there should remain upon the register a mark which ought not to be there and by which many persons may be affected who nevertheless would not be willing to enter upon the risk and expense of litigation.

Summary for label 'RPC':
in view of the above these appeals are allowed in part and the impugned order dated september 92004 is set aside.
the applications being tra nos 25 to 27 of 2003 op nos 764 to 766 of 2001 are restored to the file of intellectual property appellate board chennai for hearing and disposal afresh in accordance with law.
the parties shall bear their own costs.

