Summary for label 'F':
the appellants themselves are bhumidar with transferable rights and are residents of village murchha tehsil puwayan in the district of shahjahanpur uttar pradesh.
this committee was also to evaluate and recommend the means for modernisation of existing old prisons.
in its meeting dated 10 10 2007 the committee recommended that a detailed project report dpr be prepared by the rajkiya nirman nigam and that acquisition of lands for shifting of the prisons be done on a priority basis.

Summary for label 'RLC':
the high court in its decision dated 25 11 2009 refused to interfere with the selection of the site for the construction of the jail premises on the ground that it was not required to do so unless it found the selection of the site was wholly arbitrary.
the high court also approved the invoking of emergency provisions u s 17 of the act as per the guidelines given in essco fabs private limited and another vs state of haryana and another.
2 scc 377 2008 indlaw sc 2494 having thus stated the high court dismissed the writ petition.

Summary for label 'R':
the concept of public purpose can not remain static for all time to come.
in other words public purpose must be viewed through the prism of constitutional values as stated above.
the judicial pronouncements on this aspect are numerous only a few of them may be noted here.

Summary for label 'A':
it was urged that it was clear from the counter of the respondent that the contemplation of a new prison was under consideration of the state government for several years.
committee was formed matter was discussed at a leisurely pace at various levels and there is no material fact to justify the abridgement of the appellants right of raising an objection to acquisition and of a hearing under section 5a of the act.

Summary for label 'P':
in dlf qutab enclave complex educational charitable trust vs state of haryana and ors 2003 5 scc 622 2003 indlaw sc 124this court construed the statute on town planning law and held expropriatory statute as is well known must be strictly construed.
while discussing the ambit and extent of property right this court reiterated that expropriatory legislation must be given strict construction.
the same view has been reiterated by another three judge bench decision of this court in munshi singh and ors.

Summary for label 'S':
in order to remedy this shortcoming in the act of 1894an amendment by way of incorporation of section 5a was introduced on 11th july1923 the statement of objects and reasons for the said amendment is as follows the land acquisition act i of 1894 does not provide that persons having an interest in land which it is proposed to acquire shall have the right of objecting to such acquisition nor is government bound to enquire into and consider any objections that may reach them.
the object of this bill is to provide that a local government shall not declare u s 6 of the act that any land is needed for a public purpose unless time has been allowed after the notification u s 4 for persons interested in the land to put in objections and for such objections to be considered by the local government.
the said amendment was assented to by the governor general on 5th august1923 and came into force on 1st january1924.

Summary for label 'RPC':
the impugned notifications u ss 4 and 6 of the act in so far as they relate to the appellants land are quashed.
the possession of the appellants in respect of their land can not be interfered with except in accordance with law.
no order as to costs.

