Summary for label 'F':
one k rama rao the complainant who was examined as pw 1was posted as yard points man grade a under station superintendent south central railway tanuku from december1995 to june1997 in june1997due to excess staff at tanuku.
thereafter pw 1 made a representation to his senior officer requesting him for posting at vijayawada cheerala vetapalam or tenali.
on 15 11 1997at 7 30 a m. an fir was registered by the inspector cbi visakhapatnam branch in crime No.

Summary for label 'R':
in the absence of such details we are unable to rely on those orders.
in other words this court can not altogether ignore the substantive provisions of a statute.
i the powers u art 142 are not meant to be exercised when their exercise may come directly in conflict with what has been expressly provided for in statute dealing expressly with the subject.

Summary for label 'A':
after permitting the appellant therein to argue the case for acquittal on merits it observed we however make it clear that this can not be a universal practice in all cases.
he fairly admitted that out of the maximum period of one year the appellant had served only 52 days in prison.
by drawing our attention to art 142 of the constitution of india learned senior counsel for the appellant vehemently submitted that in order to do complete justice this court has ample power to reduce the sentence even to the extent of period already undergone or any other order which would be beneficial to the parties approaching this court.

Summary for label 'S':
for the purposes of this section known sources of income means income received from any lawful source and such receipt has been intimated in accordance with the provisions of any law rules or orders for the time being applicable to public servant.
s 52 of the 1947 act mandates that any public servant who commits criminal misconduct shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which shall not be less than one year but which may extend to seven years and shall also be liable to fine.
to put it clear in the 1988 act if an offence u s 7 is proved the same is punishable with imprisonment which shall be not less than six months and in the case of section 13it shall not be less than one year.

Summary for label 'P':
large scale corruption retards the nation building activities and everyone has to suffer on that count.
ltd 2007 7 scc 737 2007 indlaw sc 1580. in teri oat estates p ltd v. ut chandigarh 2004 2 scc 130 2003 indlaw sc 1504. this court held as under sympathy or sentiment by itself can not be a ground for passing an order in relation whereto the appellants miserably fail to establish a legal right.
711but the substantive statutory provisions dealing with the subject matter of a given case cannot be altogether ignored by this court while making an order u art 142 indeed these constitutional powers can not in any way be controlled by any statutory provisions but at the same time these powers are not meant to be exercised when their exercise may come directly in conflict with what has been expressly provided for in statute dealing expressly with the subject.

Summary for label 'RPC':
the trial judge is directed to secure his presence for serving the remaining period of sentence.
appeal dismissed.

