Summary for label 'F':
the facts in brief as narrated in the impugned order are that survey nos 118328 and 351 of lonavala were originally owned by one haji habib tar mohammed janu.
hajrabi haji yusuf on 4 6 1949 however this transaction was cancelled by the collector and custodian of evacuee property on 17 4 1949 as per section 8i of the evacuee properties act and these lands were accordingly entered as evacuee property by the tahsildar maval on 26 10 1949 it appears that these survey numbers were also given c t s no 129130 a130 b and 133. it appears that in cts no 129130 a130 b and 133apart from vacant land there is a bungalow no 52 habib villa.
however further inquiry as directed by the sdo was to be conducted.

Summary for label 'A':
after migration the family took shelter at refugee camp of pimpri pune in maharashtra.
in view of enactment of displaced persons compensation and rehabilitation act1954 by the union of india the immovable properties left behind by muslims who had migrated to pakistan were acquired and the same was distributed to displaced persons as a compensation pool.
accordingly father of the appellant was allotted a land admeasuring 2 acres 5 gunthas bearing revenue survey nos 351 and 1182 situated at village lonavala taluka maval district pune.

Summary for label 'RLC':
that under section 257 of the maharashtra land revenue code more than one revision is possible.
they were decided on 28 5 2001 as against that the rts revision no 330 of 2001 was preferred.
thus in short we find that the scheme under maharashtra land revenue code is quite different scheme and it permits more than one revision.

Summary for label 'P':
a similar question came for consideration before this court in the case of ishwar singh vs 2 scc 334 under the rajasthan cooperative societies act1965 in that ac t by section 128 power was conferred upon the state government and the registrar to call for and examine the records of any enquiry or proceedings of any other matter of any officer subordinate to them for the purpose of satisfying themselves as to the legality or propriety of any decision or order passed by such officer.
in fact the two authorities are interchangeable.
if one authority exercises revisional power the other authority logically can not have exercised such power.

Summary for label 'R':
section 11 provides that all revenue officers shall be subordinate to the state government.
there is nothing in the code to suggest that if these revisional powers are exercised by a revenue officer who has jurisdiction it can not be further exercised by a superior revenue officer or by the state government.
a fair reading of sections 257 and 259 suggests that if revisional powers are exercised by a revenue officer having jurisdiction to do so further revisional power can be exercised by the superior officer or by the state government.

Summary for label 'S':
assistants as may be expressed in the order of their appointmentone or more naib tahsildars in a taluka and one or more additional tahsidars or naib tahsildars therein and such other persons having such designations to assist the revenue officers as it may deem expedient.
such assistant or deputy collector may also be called a sub divisional officer.
provided further that an assistant of deputy collector shall not himself pass such order in any matter in which a formal inquiry has been held but shall submit the record with his opinion to the collector who shall pall such order thereon as he may deem fit.

Summary for label 'RPC':
we find no infirmity in the impugned order passed by the high court.
hence this appeal has no merit which is accordingly dismissed.
the parties may prosecute their remedies in civil court in accordance with law.

